Welcome back. You're getting close to the final project for this course.
And in this project, you'll be using data from accelerometers, rate gyros,
and odometers to reconstruct the actual XY trajectory of a self-driving car.
And you already know how to take something like
accelerometer data and convert it to distance travel data,
and you also know how to use rate gyro data to a heading.
But once you have a car pointing in a certain direction and you know how far it moves,
how do you figure out exactly how far it's moved in
the X direction or in the Y direction?
That is what you are going to learn in this lesson.
How to go from a heading and a distance traveled to a change in X and Y.
And to do this, we're going to need to learn the very basics of trigonometry.